Surry Hills has been gentrified but for the most part hasn't lost its uniqueness. It's home to people from all walks of life. I moved back to Surry Hills 3 years ago and have been pleasantly surprised by the level of neighbourliness. There's a real community spirit here. There have been comments posted about seediness and I think they're a bit overstated. I'd rather be a part of a thriving inner city area and the pros (huge range of great cafes, restaurants, fine dining, small bars & pubs, art galleries, dog parks, bike paths, a great primary school, excellent gyms & yoga schools, lively markets, no need for a car etc etc) far outweigh the cons (weekend traffic & parking, weekend queues at the cafes that are attracting the most buzz etc - this can be easily avoided by checking out all the brilliant shops, cafes and galleries that AREN'T on Crown St!)

Surry Hills is best known for its artsy culture, gay and lesbian community and heavily liberal views. The reality however is that Surry Hills should be known for its proximity to the city and relative proximity to FOX studios, Centennial park and the beaches. Unfortunately it's become one of those hype areas where word of mouth has made it out to be something more than it actually is. In reality it's just a bunch of rundown shops and mason brick buildings that need to be pushed over in favor of medium residentials. The food isn't anything special here, as most of the venues have more bang than actual quality for the buck. There are coffee places which boast organic product but in essence its just esoteric hipster nonsense. The people are artsy and slightly neat, but after a while you'll see their robotic nature and sheep mentality. I feel like Surry Hills tries in so many ways but fails in all of them. We are trying to have something and do something that we're not. We don't really have the artistic culture to support such a vivid idea, we are not France, nor are we Germany or Italy, we are Australia, yet in these places you will find hipsters who adore those lifestyles and ideals to the extreme. its that nonsense and proximity to the city which has caused a massive inflation of housing rent cost in this area. Expect to pay somewhere between $600-800 a week (easy) for a 2 bedroom place and don't even think about buying, it will be well in the 2 million+ mark. 

Food, wine, & coffee connoisseurs...... you will love Surry Hills. 
Located on the foot of Sydney's CBD, yet close to the Eastern Suburbs. An abundance of choice when it comes to casual or fine dining, wine bars, & trendy pubs.

If you want to be close to the things that Sydney offers then Surry Hills ticks all the boxes. 
WALK west past Central station to Paddys markets. 
WALK north past trendy boutiques to the CBD or the Art Gallery of NSW. 
WALK east to Paddington and Centennial Park. You don't need a car if you live in this suburb. 
There is a bus on most streets to take you further.


Surry Hills is a trendy suburb due to its proximity to nightlife and the city. However, with the advantages of its situation also come some very clear disadvantages! Lots of homeless and disadvantaged people, drug addicts and criminals inhabit and frequent the area due to the fact that the area caters to these people with drug and alcohol facilities, homeless shelters, and youth refuges. For example, The William Booth House, Odyssey House, Langton Centre, Albion Street, Oasis Youth Support Network, Campbell House, Foster House, Gorman House etc. - all in Surry Hills! 
Compared to some nicer Sydney suburbs, the area is an absolute dump - rubbish on the streets, people peeing or vomiting on footpaths, noise and crime are just a few of the issues. I would rank it in the same class as Darlinghurst or Rushcutters Bay - great if you area a single who loves nightlife but don't mind lack of safety and seediness that is inherent in these places.