Fairfield is centrally located considering it's only 15 minutes from Parramatta, 2 minutes from Cabramatta and only 30 minutes from the City. 

Looking at house prices, Fairfield is affordable and really does have promise for future growth. Considering suburbs further west like Penrith, Blacktown, Prestons, etc, that are over an hour or so away from the City have the same or higher price values than Fairfield it's a sign Fairfield is and will be on the up. 

Don't be fooled by some of the stigma people say about Fairfield being dangerous; because really would you be hanging around any railway station at 1am at night? 

I say visit Fairfield and make your own decision, you'll realise it's a nice family friendly area and right next door to booming suburbs such as Granville, Merrylands, Cabramatta, etc.

Nice central location. Good parking, schools, shopping. Affordable real estate. If you had told me 8 years ago that I'd still be living in Fairfield, I would have been in disbelief. Frankly, it was nowhere near the top of my 'desirability' list back then not to mention its rundown facade. Fast forward 8 years and there have been many significant improvements to both the roads, infrastructure and housing. Real estate values have risen but its still affordable and it's leafy and quiet (at least in my little corner of Fairfield). The Horsley Drive, Woodville Road and the Hume Hghwy are all within easy access. Overall, I'd give it 4 stars out of 5.

I believe Fairfield is a good area, the amenities, schools, parks, etc are great. Fairfield is a fairly central location, only 25kms drive to the city. 
Housing is affordable and is on the up, especially when considering neigbouring areas such as Guildford, Merrylands, Granville, Cabrammatta, etc which have shot up in value. 
I feel safe in Fairfield and believe growing infrastructure and support in the area will continue to provide greater demand in Fairfield.

Fairfield is located in the southwest of Sydney. It is a very multi-cultural city that is well serviced by both buses and train. In recent years, there has been a lot of development happening around this area. More and more residential units are replacing houses to meet the demand of the city's population growth. 

There are many Asian restaurants, cafes and shops around the area. There is even a mall that is tucked away in Fairfield. Products here are really cheap as the community is not that affluent. There are also several schools, places of worship and an RSL for your entertainment needs here. This RSL often puts up quality live entertainment for the locals. It is a very convenient and cost effective suburb to live in for sure.