Don't be fooled by out-dated perceptions! Parramatta is a family-friendly but lively community with a lot great events like Parramatta Lanes that suit young families and professionals.

Great value, no cockroaches, clean, quiet at night, great people, minimal air craft noise, it's the best suburb for renters. Beats the inner city by a mile. Parramatta is simply better.

Parramatta is great. True there are no beaches but the lake is now swimmable and the park is beautiful. It is a great location for families who work in opposite directions or have family in opposite directions, as it is in the middle. This was the reason I moved here, my partner convinced me that the location was good, the transport was good and the park is ideal. I haven't regretted living here at all. There are a lot of Indians and Asians here that are generally good neighbors, quiet and safe. Aspirational migrant parents are keen to do well and have no time to make trouble with anyone, so the kids have well behaved friends, which is important. I like to learn about other cultures and look forward to Parramasala and Diwali each year now. I also LOVE the free concerts in the park and the public transport. I have never driven to the airport since I moved here, or to a concert. I walked to the hospital for all my pregnancy appointments so no need for parking. The cycle path along the river is very nice- you can pretty much go from Westmead to Gladesville along the river. Sometimes I do go into the city or inner west for markets (dotn be fooled online, the markets here are nothing special- some good stalls but not enough of them and more for workers than residents) and the odd bit of shopping I cant get here but it only takes half an hour to get anywhere from here. A couple of weeks away at the beach each year does me (and it is affordable to holiday with a Parra mortgage- for now). I really don't mind living in an apartment when there is so much to do and now I am addicted to the convenience even though I sometimes visit more trendy or expensive areas I wouldn't really want to give Parra up even if I could afford to move there. As long as the council keeps the heritage, and keeps planting trees and making it green.

My wife and I moved to Parramatta a couple of years back and we just love it! We have 2 parking spaces for our centrally located apartment so parking isn't an issue. We love Parramatta so much we've opened a business not quite 2 blocks from home! 
Love the restaurants. There's plenty of choice and some have both great service and great food! Harris Park is a close alternative for foodies as well. 
We walk most everywhere and never feel threatened. It's a vibrant CBD without the hassles of Sydney CBD. Parks are terrific. The Council has plenty of events happening year round for the community. It's always clean and tidy between the early morning clean ups and the mobile guys that patrol the CBD daily, they do a great job! Lots of choice with medical facilities and shopping. Couldn't ask for more!